The interfaces provided were flexible and in good correspondence with our system, making the creation of adapter classes fairly
smooth. Although names and method signatures were different, general purposes overlapped enough to allow seamless integration.
A less fortunate issue was the dependence of concrete classes on components such as Grid and Cell, which impeded flexibility.
Introducing interfaces for these components earlier in the design would have greatly increased modularity and extensibility,
reducing the need for additional requests.

The code was intuitive and well-written, with method names clearly indicating what they did. This was a big plus,
given that there was no accompanying documentation, which was the biggest drawback. In some places, without comments,
much extra work was involved to understand what the authors intended the methods to achieve or behave like, and, frankly,
we could just make some guesses based on naming conventions. Although the naming convention for these examples is strong,
adding a few comments to explain method functionality greatly improves the readability and usability of unfamiliar consumers.

One problem we faced in the implementation was that view needed to know the number of rows and columns beforehand so that it
could render the layout. But our model knew these values only after it was initialized, which caused a mismatch.
For this, we designed an abstract method gridSetup() in our model which returns the required information. But in general, this
workaround had to be performed because during initialization, it showed the underlying failure of model and view not being synchronized.
Designing a better way for component-to-component communication could have saved all these flaws.

The code was generally good, but it could be improved with a bit more emphasis on abstraction and documentation. Addition of interfaces
for core components such as the grid and cell would enable greater flexibility and reusability, while clearer documentation would help
to reduce the learning curve and misunderstandings. Addressing these areas would make the code much stronger and easier to fit into
diverse systems.